cloud-api(state-versions): adds json-state-outputs attribute (#89)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/state-versions.mdx

> -> **Note:** This endpoint cannot be accessed with [organization tokens](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens#organization-api-tokens). You must access it with a [user token](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/users#api-tokens) or [team token](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens#team-api-tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** You cannot access this endpoint with [organization tokens](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens#organization-api-tokens). You must access it with a [user token](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/users#api-tokens) or [team token](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens#team-api-tokens).
```

Suggest changing "This endpoint cannot be accessed with..." to "You cannot access this endpoint with..." to avoid passive voice.

| `data.attributes.serial`             | integer |           | The serial of the state version. Must match the serial value extracted from the raw state file.                                                                                                                             |
| `data.attributes.md5`                | string  |           | An MD5 hash of the raw state version                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `data.attributes.lineage`            | string  | (nothing) | **Optional** Lineage of the state version. Should match the lineage extracted from the raw state file. Early versions of terraform did not have the concept of lineage, so this is an optional attribute.                   |
| `data.attributes.state`              | string  |           | Base64 encoded raw state file                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `data.attributes.json-state-outputs` | string  | (nothing) | **Optional** Base64 encoded output values as represented by `terraform show -json` (the contents of the values/outputs key). If omitted, Terraform Cloud will populate the workspace outputs from state after a short time. |

Reviewer 2: Could you say more about what this sentence means (it's not clear to me)? `If omitted, Terraform Cloud will populate the workspace outputs from state after a short time.`

> | `data.attributes.json-state-outputs` | string  | (nothing) | **Optional** Base64 encoded output values as represented by `terraform show -json` (the contents of the values/outputs key). If omitted, Terraform Cloud will populate the workspace outputs from state after a short time. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.json-state-outputs` | string  | (nothing) | **Optional** Base64 encoded output values as represented by `terraform show -json` (the contents of the values/outputs key). If omitted, Terraform Cloud populates the workspace outputs from state after a short time. |
```

Suggest changing "Terraform Cloud will populate..." to "Terraform Cloud populates..." to avoid future tense.
